it's a knife I found in you the
snow Sarah I'm sorry she must be inside
the pillar lightnings holding up cocoon
along with the neophyte wait what are
you talking about she was right here a
second ago
so I believe you there you a gun to this
for a while when I come back it'll be
with lightning he's supposed to be your
lucky charm your sister gave to me wait
you know lightning oh thank you I'm
grateful you remember me Sarah come with
me you shall pay for your crimes in
blood cuz I have sleepovers do you know
where my sister is come with me
Oh
you see it's a time gate it's like a
portal she's waiting the other side
you figure everyone's protector who do
you stay really you even realize how
useless you are do you realize what you
do to the people you're supposed to
protect you wait just a damn minute
you've been looking after Sarah it all
began back then I remember Sarah warned
me the first one who said you wanted to
save cocoon
no you told me in your time cocoon
didn't exist like it does now yeah after
it happened the whole world is fell
apart pretty much it doesn't have to
happen no we can change the future
lightning what are you doing here
future I could not save
you